Add downsample cell (addresses #2504 ) (#2560)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/notebooks/create-notebook.md

- **Transform: Flux Script**:
  - Use `__PREVIOUS_RESULT__` to build from data in the previous cell.
  - Enter a Flux script to transform your data.
- **Transform: Downsample**:

>   - Apply an aggregate and a window period to downsample data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Window data by time and apply an aggregate to each window to downsample data.
```
